what is going on guys dandy and welcome
back map of the day look at this we got
a ton of pigs over here but just
freaking awesome I want to show you guys
this map this is a halo map there's no
like Hunger Games to it or anything like
this but I did a map like this before it
was a halo map and it had kind of like a
survival it just went all the way around
like that which I think it's just a
really really cool design problem with
that map though is it was one ring and
it was very very thin I mean it was like
maybe six blocks then so I it's just
something that this is kind of a more
improved on that so if you saw that map
and you enjoyed it this is definitely
one for you the cool thing about this
one it's awesome not only do you have
kind of the you know default look to it
here what we call it forest look I guess
you also have kind of an ice biome as
well as a desert so just really really
cool I think it's survival with maybe
like three people and each person gets
their own ring it has to kind of survive
I think that would be really cool to
watch but with that said just want to
show you one quick thing before I end
this video about this map I don't know
if it's just me if it's because I
spawned out in the middle of the ocean I
don't know if it's because I chose
freaking creative or what but I did I
was like underwater in the middle of the
ocean and one thing about this water I
don't know if it's gonna be right here I
swear I was there yeah probably is it as
frickin deep you probably can't see that
on the video but it is really really
deep I mean you're not gonna drown
pretty quickly so you may want to
consider spawning in oncreate if I'm
hoping hoping that if you do survival
stick in that little box but I really
just don't know one other cool thing is
this bridge can be blown up and in fact
it is blown up as you run across it so
you have no way back into here you have
to leave here with everything and be
ready because when you leave you're not
coming back so just wanted to let you
know so I'm gonna show you on the map
here you can see the coordinates in the
top there you can see where this is so
again on the far right we kind of see
the grass where I'm facing now that is
where I spawned in just deepen the water
over there and this is where it actually
is so you can see the coordinates again
at the top so thanks for watching you
guys are the pests
these animals that just randomly fall
there's one great thing about these
hallo Maps is you constantly even animal
falling off of them it's just awesome so
with that said if you'd like to download
this map the link to do so is in the
description as well as a link to the
designers channel or page thanks for
watching if you help me out maybe get
this video to 50 likes that would be
incredible you guys been doing so great
with the likes so just appreciate it a
lot and I will see you guys next time in
another map of the day till then take
care hey guys thanks so much for
watching my video just real quick before
you go I just want to let you know that
my girlfriend Emily and I will be
traveling to Africa this summer to help
with some things such as schooling in
healthcare but we need your help we have
a GoFundMe page that I'll tell you
everything about it it's in the
description there's also a ton of
awesome prizes and rewards for things
such as private game sessions with
myself signed posters and more every
single donation actually comes with an
awesome bracelet that says Africa and
then it has a awesome message on the
inside so just a big thank you guys so
much for watching my videos I appreciate
you taking the time to watch this little
outro here if you'd like to learn more
learn I can help us out a little bit the
links are in the description again we're
headed to Africa that helped with some
things such as schooling health care all
kinds of things like that be there for
about three weeks if you'd like to learn
more again there's a link in the
description if it's not your saying
don't sweat it
but thanks so much for watching till
next time you guys are the best take
care